Type DrugBank foods as biolink:Food, extracts as ComplexMolecularMixture (#828) (#918)
TranslatorSRI/Babel: docs/sources/DRUGBANK/food-and-extracts/README.md

declare things food that are definitely not food. It is deferred, with the evidence needed to sort
it out, to [#930](https://github.com/NCATSTranslator/Babel/issues/930).

Two further follow-ups: [#926](https://github.com/NCATSTranslator/Babel/issues/926) for the
food-vs-taxon question, and [#929](https://github.com/NCATSTranslator/Babel/issues/929) for a
`biolink:ProcessedMaterial` output to replace the interim extract type.

## Why the obvious approaches don't reach these

- **Food ontologies (FoodOn/FooDB) don't help.** These extracts carry only a UNII and no chemical
  structure. FoodOn has no UNII/DrugBank cross-references; FooDB *foods* carry only
  ITIS/Wikipedia/NCBITaxon (only FooDB *compounds* carry UNII/DrugBank, and an extract is a food,
  not a compound). Ingesting a food ontology builds a "trout" clique keyed on NCBITaxon with no
  edge of any kind to `DRUGBANK:DB10626`.
- **Structure-based joins never reach them.** With no InChI Key there is no UniChem structure
  match, so these ids are absent from `ids/DRUGBANK` entirely. They enter chemical cliques only
  through the UMLS and RXNORM concords and inherit `ChemicalEntity` from the clique.

> - **DrugBank's rich category data is un-downloadable** (DrugBank blocks the XML). We have only the

Author: ```suggestion
- **DrugBank's rich category data is temporarily un-downloadable**. We have only the
```

  CC-0 `drugbank vocabulary.csv` (`DrugBank ID, Accession Numbers, Common name, CAS, UNII,
  Synonyms, Standard InChI Key`).

## The signal we use

Each DrugBank entry carries a `UNII`, and the FDA UNII records (`Latest_UNII_Records.txt`) give each
UNII both an NCIt classification and cross-references to organism databases. Those are the bridge.

A DrugBank row is considered only if it has **no `Standard InChI Key`** (an extract/material, not a
defined molecule — a defined molecule extracted from a plant keeps its structure and stays a
chemical). Then:

1. It is treated as **food material** when either signal fires:
   - its UNII's NCIt class is under [`NCIT:C1949`](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCIT_C1949) "Food"
     or [`NCIT:C73913`](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCIT_C73913) "Seed" (Seed covers the
     nuts/grains NCIt files there — almond, cashew, sesame, wheat, oat). NCIt calls a food a food
     regardless of what it came from, so this signal is **not** plant-specific: scallop, perch,
     venison, beef liver and egg phospholipids all arrive this way;

>    - **or** its UNII carries a botanical-database flag (USDA `PLANTS`, GRIN, or MPNS — see "Why the

Author: ```suggestion
   - **or** its UNII carries a botanical-database flag (USDA PLANTS, GRIN, or MPNS — see "Why the
```
